describe requires-python fallback in docs (#16704)
astral-sh/ruff: docs/configuration.md

1. Any config-file-supported settings that are provided on the command-line (e.g., via
    `--select`) will override the settings in _every_ resolved configuration file.

When no discovered configuration specifies a [`target-version`](settings.md#target-version), Ruff will attempt to fallback to the minimum version compatible with the `requires-python` field in a nearby `pyproject.toml`.

> If this attempt fails, Ruff will use the default `target-version`.

Reviewer: I think I'd omit this. It breaks the reading flow and is implicit by *attempt to fallback*

The rules for this behavior are as follows:

1. If a configuration file is passed directly, Ruff does not attempt to infer a missing `target-version`.
1. If a configuration file is found in the filesystem hierarchy, Ruff will infer a missing `target-version` from the `requires-python` field in a `pyproject.toml` file in the same directory as the found configuration.

> 1. If we are using a user-level configuration from `${config_dir}/ruff/pyproject.toml`, Ruff will infer a missing `target-version` from the `requires-python` field in the first `pyproject.toml` file found in an ancestor of the current working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If we are using a user-level configuration from `${config_dir}/ruff/pyproject.toml`, the `requires-python` field in the first `pyproject.toml` file found in an ancestor of the current working directory takes precedence over the `target-version` in the user-level configuration.
```
